Add `p2pcommons.avatar` proposal (#21)
p2pcommons/specs: module.md

`main`. If `p2pcommons.type: content`, the object MUST include the
key/value pairs `authors` and `parents`. If `p2pcommons.type:
profile`, the object MUST include the key/value pairs `follows` and

> `contents`. It is RECOMMENDED to include the `p2pcommons.avatar` key/value pair.

Reviewer: To my knowledge `avatar` makes sense for `profile` but not `content`, as it stands for a person or group of persons.

Author: Hm yea, makes sense. Some stream of conscious alternatives that come to mind:

- `p2pcommons.img`
- `p2pcommons.display`
- `p2pcommons.visual`

We could also make it specific to profiles and keep it at avatar. The options I propose don't make a bunch of sense, and I don't think it's too easy to give a visual display for content?

Reviewer: I agree, `avatar` on `profile` makes sense :+1:

archive (see also [Registration](#registration)). The `./` part of a
relative path MAY be included.

> If included, `p2pcommons.avatar` MUST be a string containing one relative path but MUST

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If included, `p2pcommons.avatar` MUST be a string containing one relative path not pointing outside the module folder
```

NOT refer to a relative home or relative parent directory. The

> relative path SHOULD refer to a valid relative image file within the Dat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
relative path SHOULD refer to a valid image file within the Dat
```
